Do you still remember...
the method to make
Cursed Spirits disappear?
No matter what methods are used,
humans will advance to a higher stage.
Next, I should buy Larue some time.
The next stage for humans
is to detach from Cursed Energy.
Wrong, it's about optimizing
Cursed Energy.
No, I don't understand either of those.
I thought that
when Toji Zenin died 12 years ago,
the "detachment" plan
was already abandoned.
I've discussed this with you...
Alright, never mind.
Let's go back to the origin.
Besides, your plan has a major flaw.
Compared to Japan,
there are far fewer Sorcerers
and Cursed Spirits abroad.
Tengen's barrier will be indispensable
for the "Optimization" plan.
If you want to use Tengen,
then only people in this country
can optimize Cursed Energy
and become Sorcerers.
Cursed Energy will almost
be monopolized by Japan.
Not to mention that country,
no country in the whole world
will remain silent.
Living humans will become
an energy source.
It's easy to imagine what kind
of misfortune will happen, isn't it?
That's not the ideal world
I have depicted.
So what?
Our goals were different from the start.
What I pursue is not a world
without Cursed Spirits
nor a peaceful world.
Non-Sorcerers, Sorcerers, Cursed Spirits.
All of these are a "possibility,"
a possibility of "humans"
as a form of "Cursed Energy."
However, it's certainly
not limited to this.
I have also tried
to create humans by myself.
But that doesn't work.
What I have created
is ultimately limited
by my own possibilities.
The answer is always
the entity with a black glow amidst chaos.
Do you understand?
What I should create
is chaos that cannot be controlled by me.
The Cursed Technique has been extracted.
There should be a Cursed Spirit
called Mahito.
The one that can interfere with souls
using Cursed Techniques.
He just swallowed him.
Seriously?
"Idle Transfiguration."
Tengen's barrier... No.
This is...
the long-range activation
of a Cursed Technique.
I want to thank you, Yuji Itadori.
From the moment
Cursed Spirits are absorbed
through Cursed Spirit Manipulation,
the precision of the technique
won't improve again.
Mahito has grown after battling with you.
Actually, I also wanted Jogo.
But I didn't get it.
What have you done?
I have used "Idle Transfiguration"
from a distance
on two kinds of non-Sorcerers
that I marked in advance.
TSUMIKI FUSHIGURO
There are those like Yuji Itadori
who swallow Cursed Objects.
And those like Junpei Yoshino
who have Cursed Techniques
but not the brain of Sorcerers.
I adjusted both of their brains
to the ones of the Sorcerers.
The former gained strength
to become a vessel.
The latter learned
how to utilize Cursed Techniques.
Then...
I have lifted the seal
on those Cursed Objects.
When I was marking them,
some people were unconscious
due to my Cursed Energy.
They should be waking up soon.
To make them understand
Cursed Energy better,
I will make them kill each other.
Those are the children and
Cursed Objects I have carefully selected.
You can imagine it
as a thousand malicious Yuji Itadoris
being released.
A thousand? That's not much.
Moreover, you underestimate
human rationality.
Do you think that with the power granted,
humans will start killing each other?
Order is essential to everything.
How could I possibly have missed
such basic prior preparation?
Your questions are straying
further from the point.
How infuriating. Let's beat him up.
But I can't move now.
What's wrong, Uraume?
Using Reverse Cursed Technique
to regenerate the body...
Is this...
Poison?
Piercing Blood contains my blood.
Of course, it's poisonous.
Wait, we don't have Mai's support.
The enemy might have other accomplices.
Aoi, the girl with a gun,
and the girl in the suit are all under
the protection of my companions.
After all, they're unfit to fight now.
Can you still move?
Yeah, I can regulate
my body temperature. It's okay.
I'll pass.
I haven't finished speaking yet.
The Cursed Objects I gave to those people
are the remnants of the Sorcerers
I've made contracts with
since a thousand years ago.
But it's not just Sorcerers
who have made contracts with me...
Even though those contracts
had already expired
when I obtained this body.
Could it be...
It's the world of the future.
Goodbye, Yuji Itadori.
Mr. Gojo!
I'm looking forward to your performance.
Did you hear that, Sukuna?
It's starting.
The height of sorcery...
The Heian period is about to return.
This is the footage taken by a team
at another interview site
when all this happened
in Tokyo a few days ago.
Please watch it.
The power outage has lasted for about
ten minutes... More than ten minutes.
- Seems like something big happened.
- Currently there's a massive power outage.
Isn't this fake news?
- But they've been reporting it all day.
- Authorities can't be reached.
I'll be home late.
Just microwave something for dinner.
- Okay.
- What exactly happened is still unknown.
District 23 is almost all gone.
Including the Chief Cabinet Secretary,
the condition of all
the Prime Minister's deputies is unknown.
A political vacuum, literally.
No matter how,
a plan to evacuate five million residents
should be formulated.
Love hotels, campsites,
and abandoned villages.
Even the most basic public facilities.
Get anything we can use.
More importantly,
how do we explain it to the residents?
We don't even know the cause.
What should we tell them?
Furthermore, the government has not
made any public statements yet.
Whether it's just
a power substation malfunction,
a terrorist attack,
or some kind of natural disaster
like an earthquake...
Too many conspiracy theorists
have emerged.
Stop scrolling on your phone and help me.
Got it.
The only places confirmed to be safe
are the towns and villages of
Okutama, Ome, Akiruno, Hachioji,
part of Machida, and various islands.
Only safe for now, I suppose.
More than ten million
Cursed Spirits were released.
Should we designate the entire
metropolitan area as an evacuation zone?
Then list it as a prohibited area.
It's simply hell.
But how do we tell the public?
Who should come forward?
Compared to that,
the issue is how to make the statement.
We still haven't reached
the deputy commissioner yet?
No.
We can't get in touch
with the secretary either.
What should we do now?
Calm down.
The higher-ups have
their own considerations.
We should just contact
each provincial office.
The yen keeps depreciating.
Isn't that beneficial for exports?
The economic groups are furious?
Once everyone is dead,
those lobbying groups will be meaningless.
Relocate the office to Osaka.
At this rate, tons of Cursed Spirits
will be everywhere.
But now, most Sorcerers are
protecting the people
in the metropolitan area.
With such a large-scale power vacuum,
there could be
a foreign military intervention.
Yes.
Eh? No.
I understand.
We need to disclose
the existence of Cursed Spirits.
We're making it public?
Seriously?
Declare that the Cursed Spirits
will only appear in Tokyo.
To draw the Cursed Energy
emitted by ordinary people to Tokyo,
so that the Cursed Spirits
will only be limited to Tokyo?
That's why when KIX was completed,
I recommended transferring it to Itami.
Isn't that just right?
If Kasumigaseki was still operating,
we wouldn't make this kind of judgment.
Uh... We'll repeat that for you once more.
The power outage is continuing.
We're still unable to contact
various units.
Also, due to the lack
of any public statement,
the cause remains unclear.
How long will this situation last...
ABNORMALITIES IN THE CITY CENTER?
DAMAGE CONTINUES TO ESCALATE
What? What's going on?
PLEASE WAIT A MOMENT
What's going on?
Making a movie?
The barrier centered on
the Imperial Palace,
rebuilt during the Meiji era,
and the other barrier centered
above the Tombs of the Star
at the candidate site for the capital
at the end of the Edo period.
Expand those two barriers
to the prefectural borders.
Come over... It's dangerous here.
Take a hot bath.
You can sing too.
What about my mom?
Your mom and dad,
your sister, brother,
and your teacher are all here.
I don't have a brother.
And I hate teachers.
Are you okay? Want a drink?
Give me.
Sorry.
Did I scare you?
Are you hurt?
Are you with someone?
Where's your father or mother?
I don't know.
All commercial buildings are in this area.
She probably doesn't live around here.
You've walked a long way, right?
I see, that's hard.
Can you see it?
Don't do that, Rika.
It's gone too far.
Sorry, I hesitated at the time.
I thought with this situation,
why not just play the long game and wait?
Have you noticed?
I'm not really on your side.
I'm just an ordinary beauty,
hoping that the Cursed Spirits
would disappear.
Although it doesn't count as an apology,
my friends and I will take responsibility
and send back the children
who were present.
And it's about time
for me to face Tengen.
What are your plans?
Good work, Okkotsu.
You're not sincere anyway.
Let's get to the point.
Now, you should understand
that I follow orders.
Killing Cursed Spirits
doesn't prove anything.
Well, you can set up
a Binding Vow or whatever.
It doesn't matter
whether he's Mr. Gojo's student.
He cut off Inumaki's arm in Shibuya.
I will kill Yuji Itadori.
Jujutsu Headquarters Notice
1. It has been confirmed
that Suguru Geto is still alive.
Death penalty is hereby reiterated.
2. Satoru Gojo is listed as
a co-conspirator in the Shibuya Incident.
He will be permanently expelled
from the realm of sorcery.
Unsealing him will be considered
a criminal act.
3. Masamichi Yaga instigated Satoru Gojo
and Suguru Geto in the Shibuya Incident
and is therefore sentenced to death.
4. The suspended execution
of Yuji Itadori is canceled.
The execution should be
carried out promptly.
5. Special Grade sorcerer Yuta Okkotsu
will serve as the executioner
for Yuji Itadori's death penalty.
END
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm